Hahahaha! Huo Jiu Ling!
I really didn't expect you to dare.
To come here alone.
It seems you really love her.
Nonsense. Where is she?
Let me go.
Release her.
Don't be in such a hurry.
Shouldn't we talk about some
business first?
A police raid seized two-thirds of the Society’s assets.
And blew up my base.
How should we settle this account?
Cavila is willing to compensate for all losses.
Oh, these losses aren't enough to
make up for the loss of my brothers.
Whatever you want, just say it.
My conditions are simple.
Kneel down.
Personally apologize to me.
Oh, you refuse to kneel? What's the meaning of this?
Unwilling to kneel?
Good for you, Huo Jiu Ling.
You may never see
Jin Ling Ling again.
Aaaaaah.